
advcl : adverbial clause modifier
An adverbial clause modifier of a VP or S is a clause modifying the verb (temporal clause,
consequence, conditional clause, etc.).
  “The accident happened as the night was falling” advcl(happened, falling)
  “If you know who did it, you should tell the teacher” advcl(tell, know)

advmod: adverbial modifier
An adverbial modifier of a word is a (non-clausal) adverb or adverbial phrase (ADVP) that
serves to modify the meaning of the word.
  “Genetically modified food” advmod(modified, genetically)
  “less often” advmod(often, less)

ccomp: clausal complement
A clausal complement of a verb or adjective is a dependent clause with an internal subject
which functions like an object of the verb, or adjective. Clausal complements for nouns are
limited to complement clauses with a subset of nouns like “fact” or “report”. We analyze them
the same (parallel to the analysis of this class as “content clauses” in Huddleston and Pullum
2002). Such clausal complements are usually finite (though there are occasional remnant English
subjunctives).
  “He says that you like to swim” ccomp(says, like)
  “I am certain that he did it” ccomp(certain, did)
  “I admire the fact that you are honest” ccomp(fact, honest)

conj : conjunct
A conjunct is the relation between two elements connected by a coordinating conjunction, such
as “and”, “or”, etc. We treat conjunctions asymmetrically: The head of the relation is the first
conjunct and other conjunctions depend on it via the conj relation.
  “Bill is big and honest” conj (big, honest)
  “They either ski or snowboard” conj (ski, snowboard)

cop: copula
A copula is the relation between the complement of a copular verb and the copular verb. (We
normally take a copula as a dependent of its complement; see the discussion in section 4.)
  “Bill is big” cop(big, is)
  “Bill is an honest man” cop(man, is)

det: determiner
A determiner is the relation between the head of an NP and its determiner.
  “The man is here” det(man, the)
  “Which book do you prefer?” det(book, which)

dobj : direct object
The direct object of a VP is the noun phrase which is the (accusative) object of the verb.
  “She gave me a raise” dobj (gave, raise)
  “They win the lottery” dobj (win, lottery)

mark: marker
A marker of an adverbial clausal complement (advcl) is the word introducing it. It will be a subordinating
conjunction different from “that” or “whether”: e.g. “because”, “when”, “although”,
etc.
  “Forces engaged in fighting after insurgents attacked” mark(attacked, after)

nsubj : nominal subject
A nominal subject is a noun phrase which is the syntactic subject of a clause. The governor of
this relation might not always be a verb: when the verb is a copular verb, the root of the clause
is the complement of the copular verb, which can be an adjective or noun.
  “Clinton defeated Dole” nsubj (defeated, Clinton)
  “The baby is cute” nsubj (cute, baby)

rcmod: relative clause modifier
A relative clause modifier of an NP is a relative clause modifying the NP. The relation points
from the head noun of the NP to the head of the relative clause, normally a verb.
  “I saw the man you love” rcmod(man, love)
  “I saw the book which you bought” rcmod(book,bought)

"advcl", "advmod", "ccomp", "conj_and", "conj_or", "cop", "det", "dobj", "mark", "nsubj", "rcmod"
-- all farmers who own a donkey beat it
if a farmer owns a donkey, he beats it
if a farmer owns all donkeys, he will beat them
always, if a farmer owns a donkey, he beats it

possesive: and (make: VBD)
the farmer made his donkey understand

passives:
no donkey likes a farmer to beat it

prepositions:
the farmer beats the donkey with a belt

more:
A donkey does what it is told

